Update README.md (#33)
bigscience-workshop/data-preparation: README.md

## General pipeline for the preparation of the ROOTS dataset
![diagram_preprocessing_roots](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55560583/186378062-2c4691b1-67a8-4fd9-a7c4-a14a98cbc9d1.jpg)

> We invite the reader who would like to have an overview of the operations performed to constitute the ROOTS dataset to consult sections 2 "(Crowd)Sourcing a Language Resource Catalogue" and 3 "Processing OSCAR" of our paper available at https://openreview.net/forum?id=UoEw6KigkUn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More detail on the process, including the specifics of the *cleaning*, *filtering*, and *deduplication* operations, can be found in Sections 2 "(Crowd)Sourcing a Language Resource Catalogue" and 3 "Processing OSCAR" of our paper [on the ROOTS dataset creation](https://openreview.net/forum?id=UoEw6KigkUn).
```
